welcome to the twenty eleven herbalife
world football challenger perhaps the
game of the summer just outside of
Washington DC it's at manchester united
against barcelona sold out in hours this
one at fedexfield don't mistake about it
there's still unbelievably talented side
very interchangeable do not even look at
thiago and in the air so that they're
going to hold an emic field really get
another shower young player coming on
there's want to keep him on form Danny
Welbeck very strong striker young player
fedex field in landover just outside of
Washington DC and away we go this time
they may not be a title at stake but as
a meeting between these two anything
less than supercharged ever United at
Barcelona so dominant in England in
Spain so dominance in all of Europe
interesting net development John
yesterday wasn't it yeah it was and you
know they made it pretty exciting I
think the Federation of waiting a lot of
people talked about the timing of Bob
Bradley being released he's done a
wonderful job of bringing us up to a
huge credibility in this country looking
at chance right
Wayne Rooney making the run towards to
me opposed nanny picked him out he
couldn't deliver the finish it's a good
ball actually I like to see Rafael when
he overlaps gets into the space you see
that the early service is there this is
Nani playing this one in and that's
really just getting across and
unfortunately didn't connect properly
without to hit the frame but Bob back to
Bob Braley done a wonderful job
credibility internationally and now the
platform that's been set for Jurgen
Klinsmann he's asked to take us to that
next level well back bouncing on the
loose ball and powering forward at Nani
is he on side he is the flag is stay
down now anything in I tennis
well the Barcelona plans are looking
towards the assistant on the far side no
flag chalo and nany as cool as you like
slipping it under Victor Valdes
well it comes against the run and play
Adrian it's an unbelievable break there
for Danny Welbeck his first touches
forward he looks up and nany with the
accelerating space and the pace look at
that he just barely keeps on side you
saw abidal step a bit late and this is a
pretty good finish right here through
the five-hole of Valdez Nani explosive
speed but enough craft on the end to
squeeze it through a kids to run to play
Danny Welbeck young player he fed the
ball through to Nani and he just put the
rest good finisher look is he holding
Ryan be bryant's it's going to be
handing out to a trophy tonight to the
winner 15 year MBA stop
is that idea
we move on from iniesta it's pedro could
say from the hair almost the first
seriously he's had to make it was a good
test form so the ball was actually meant
for any esta and fall to the back post
Pedro with a strike through traffic to
hey I do him very well to get down he
held on to it that's what's very
important this one over hit just
slightly she's Smalling turning his back
a little bit so the head doing well then
the high pressure reply but United the
wherewithal to play around it at the
moment then does it look very very
comfortable for Sonic's folks inside
Johnny Welbeck stunning as well this is
danny welbeck quick say from Valdez
still
a challenge to perhaps co a victory is
spooned what starts with nany again is
explosive pace in his vision he just
releases the ball into a while back I
think Danny weld I could have looked up
and see Michael Owen there but he
decides to take the strike they're just
trying to clean up that rebounds and
then they how quickly Welbeck and nany
are linking up doing a very good job to
say from Valdez
Klinsmann undertaking if Germany to the
World Cup semi-final on home soil back
in 2006
is Tiago
simply splendid from Barcelona's new
star Thiago 11 in Washington
well if you wondered where it was coming
from there's your answer thiago has
played very well today here's the ball
in a beach gigs a little bit lazy terms
of approach he finds a space it's a
quick strike the ball bounces up nice
for him it really does as it bounces up
he catches it rises to the occasion
right in the top of the net
submit a fortune vintage comes up late
Michael Owen yes
another breakaway go Michael Owen who
has found the back of the net before
against Barcelona the third time he's
scored against the Catalans and United's
leaders restored Michael Owen trying to
get full fitness in this preseason you
see here with the steal from Tom
Cleverley he steps up nicely feats it a
great finished nice little skill good
patience he draws valdez in and just a
nice outside of the foot lift over but
how quickly to cleverly step in there
for the midfield you never want to get a
square ball that's loose don't way to
the past no conviction on the past they
pay for it Man United jumps in front 21
Michael Owen great finish clearly the
class of the league at the moment these
three minutes of stoppage time
obicham the sketches beaten over time is
through here oh it is available
that wasn't the old Michael oh it wasn't
an easy ball over Johnny didn't play
down the car patient kept it low but it
bounces up on Michael Owen
normally he sticks it away your I day
dream but that ball bouncing he's trying
to get his hips over it quickly Valdez
got to the back post use his feet while
to get across the goal the great feat
Carlos Carmona the United offense again
as they have been all night long proven
to be too strong and United which is too
strong over the course of 90 minutes
Michael Owen's goal the winner here
after that sensational strike from
Thiago had levelled matters of narni
with a breakaway goal earlier